<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Curriculum</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="ideal.css" />
        <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto+Slab" rel="stylesheet"/>
        
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="sidebar">
            <nav>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealcur.xhtml">Curriculum</a>
                    </li>
                    
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealfac.xhtml">Facilities</a>
                    </li>
                    
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealstaff.xhtml">Staff</a>
                    </li>
                    
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealpol.xhtml">Policies</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealstake.xhtml">Stakeholders</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealcite.xhtml">Citations</a>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </nav>
        </div>
        <div class="content"><header>
            <h1>Hailey B. Mothershead STEAM Magnet High School</h1>
            <h2>Curriculum</h2>
        </header>
        <p>H.B.M is progressivist and social reconstructivist. Classes like history, civics, and literature are particularly reconstructivist, pushing for diverse perspectives and sources (Sadker, 361). Math and science at our school are shining examples of progressivist education where students are encouraged to pursue individual interests which often takes the form of long-term research projects (Sadker, 359). In the past students have conducted projects regarding graduation rates, small business commerce, seasonal migration of local birds, and a historical exploration of climate change. Our fine arts classes allow students great freedom particularly in upper level classes, however the first and second year classes are somewhat perennialist in that they are survey classes, focusing on history and technique (Sadker, 356). However, they do not focus exclusively on western history and technique.</p> 
        <p>Here, we actively practice freedom and democracy with our students (Koonce, 80). Our school promotes social justice by helping students find their voice through civics classes, instituting project based learning where students volunteer in the community, plan hypothetical business and nonprofit organizations, and draft local policy. It promotes cultural awareness by exposing students to different points of view. Our methodologies cause students to see themselves as important members of society and to be able to communicate problems more clearly. (Koonce, 82) We help students to find pen pals in foreign countries and collaborate with students at schools in other cities. Frequently, our educators invite in guest lecturers from similar and vastly different backgrounds. Reacting against the structure of traditional schools, our intention is to provide counternarratives to those propagated by history, media, and society as large and to ask our students to create their own beliefs and understandings (Eitzen, 461).</p>
        <p>Every incoming student, regardless of year, takes a critical thinking course following Freire’s dialogic methods. Our curriculum as a whole follows the problem-posing technique, but Critical Thinking sticks closely to the tradition of intragroup learning; whether using the Grecian padea, open forums, or debates. We aim to foster in our students the willingness to  consider issues of social justice, value multiple perspectives, engage in the shared learning of the class members, risk, strive for warranted positions, struggle for balanced participation, care about the health of the group, push intellectual reasoning to insightful and theoretic level, become an active member in a community, and to appreciate the complexities of a postmodern world (Garman, 4).</p>
    </div></body>
</html>
