<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Stakeholders</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="ideal.css" />
        <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto+Slab" rel="stylesheet"/>
        
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="sidebar">
            <nav>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealhome.xhtml">Home</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealcur.xhtml">Curriculum</a>
                    </li>
                    
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealfac.xhtml">Facilities</a>
                    </li>
                    
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealstaff.xhtml">Staff</a>
                    </li>
                    
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealpol.xhtml">Policies</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealstake.xhtml">Stakeholders</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealcite.xhtml">Citations</a>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </nav>
        </div>
        <div class="content"><header><h1>Hailey B. Mothershead STEAM Magnet High School</h1>
            <h2>Stakeholders</h2></header>
        <p>In our efforts to draw on the many communities from which our students come, we have
            recently expanded our collaboration with stakeholders. We hope to encourage community
            members to feel a greater sense of collective ownership through several new initiatives
            including parent workshops, after school briefings, and community involvement.</p>
        <p>We offer workshops to help parents and guardians support their student’s academic
            success; information regarding students’ options after graduation, including help with
            college applications; and have partnered with Literacy Pittsburgh to provide services to
            guardians of students who would like access to adult literacy or English as a second
            language tutoring. In addition to in person workshops, guardians can access resources on
            our Resources for Guardians page for information for themselves and their students.</p>
        <p>H.B.M. also invites students’ guardians and other stakeholders to join us at bimonthly
            meetings to check in on the school’s status regarding many criteria, including current
            curriculum, budgets, student achievement, upcoming testing, and any possible changes the
            school might undergo; our aim is to provide as much transparency as possible. We also
            leave space for guardians and community members to provide feedback during the meeting.
            In order to make these meetings as accessible as possible, we broadcast them via a
            livefeed on this website and viewers can post messages to have their comments heard and
            questions answered.</p>
        <p>Our third and most pervasive effort to include stakeholders have been several new
            programs within the schools, namely the LGBTQ+ alliance in partnership with PGH Equality
            Center, the sensory friendly study wing in partnership with UPMC, the renewed performing
            and visual arts center in partnership with the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust, and several
            advancements in our science and technology labs in partnership with Google.</p>
    </div></body>
</html>
