<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Citations</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="ideal.css" />
        <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto+Slab" rel="stylesheet" />

    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="sidebar">
            <nav>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealcur.xhtml">Curriculum</a>
                    </li>

                    <li>
                        <a href="idealfac.xhtml">Facilities</a>
                    </li>

                    <li>
                        <a href="idealstaff.xhtml">Staff</a>
                    </li>

                    <li>
                        <a href="idealpol.xhtml">Policies</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealstake.xhtml">Stakeholders</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealcite.xhtml">Citations</a>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </nav>
        </div>
        <div class="content">
            <header>
                <h1>Citations</h1>
            </header>
            <p>Eitzen, Stanley D. and Baca Zinn, Maxine. In Conflict and Order Understanding
                Society. </p>
            <p>Pearson, 2003. p. 460-482. courseweb.pitt.edu. Accessed 28 January 2019. </p>
            <p>Friere, Paulo. Pedagogy of the Oppressed. Continuum, 2008. p. 43-69.
                courseweb.pitt.edu. </p>
            <p>Garman, Noreen B. Challenge in Education and Society Coursework: Walking the Path of
                Social Justice and Democracy Through Dialogue. 2007, pp. 1–9 </p>
            <p>Koonce, Glenn L. Taking Sides Clashing Views on Educational Issues. n.p. 2004. p.
                79-85. courseweb.pitt.edu. Accessed 21 January 2019.</p>
            <p>Sadker Myra and Sadker David Miller. Teachers, Schools, and Society. McGraw Hill,
                2003.</p>
            <p>“How to Help Low-Income Students Succeed.” The Edvocate, 15 Aug. 2018,
                www.theedadvocate.org/how-to-help-low-income-students-succeed/. </p>
            <p>Ayscue, Jennifer. Choices Worth Making: Creating, Sustaining, and Expanding Diverse
                Magnet School. University of California, Los Angeles, 2017. </p>
            <p>Boaler, Jo. Ability and Mathematics: The Mindset Revolution That Is Reshaping
                Education. FORUM, 30 Nov. 2012, eric.ed.gov/?id=EJ1016613. </p>
            <p>Engaging Stakeholders. Sustaining Reading First,
                www2.ed.gov/programs/readingfirst/support/stakeholderlores.pdf. </p>
            <p>Minero, Emelina. “The Architecture of Ideal Learning Environments.” Edutopia, George
                Lucas Educational Foundation, 2 Mar. 2018,
                www.edutopia.org/article/architecture-ideal-learning-environments. </p>
            <p>Partnership, Great Schools. “Stakeholder Definition.” The Glossary of Education
                Reform, 25 Sept. 2014, www.edglossary.org/stakeholder/. </p>
            <p>“The Magnet Program: From Integration to Innovation.” Edutopia,
                www.edutopia.org/blog/magnet-program-integration-to-innovation-kathleen-decker. </p>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
