<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Staff</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="ideal.css" />
        <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto+Slab" rel="stylesheet"/>
        
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="sidebar">
            <nav>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <a href="index.xhtml">Home</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealcur.xhtml">Curriculum</a>
                    </li>
                    
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealfac.xhtml">Facilities</a>
                    </li>
                    
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealstaff.xhtml">Staff</a>
                    </li>
                    
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealpol.xhtml">Policies</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealstake.xhtml">Stakeholders</a>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <a href="idealcite.xhtml">Citations</a>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </nav>
        </div>
        <div class="content"><header>
            <h1>Hailey B. Mothershead STEAM Magnet High School</h1>
            <h2>Staff</h2>
        </header>
        <p>Educators at Hailey B. Mothershead are some of the most dedicated. All teachers have a bachelor degree and the majority have masters degrees. Our teacher training program is extensive, requiring an additional month of training in the summer before classes start where new teachers learn growth mindset, which has been shown to have great results in helping them see the promise in each student, as well as trauma-sensitivity, cultural responsivity, and our expectations for classroom methods (Boaler, 143). We frequently offer workshops and encourage our educators to attend other teacher trainings because we view our teachers as students themselves, learning from their students and colleagues, in, as Freire puts is, a constant state of becoming.</p>
        <p>Educators are expected to submit lesson plans monthly and indicate how their lesson plans align with at least one of the skills our school focuses on: critical thinking, empathy, diversity, and creativity.</p>
        <p>H.B.M. is staffed in part by teachers from around the country through programs like Teach for America, inviting a unique array of perspectives into the school. We also frequently invite guest researchers, community members, or college professors to come work on projects over the course of a semester. Our goal is to expose our students to a diverse array of professionals in order to broaden their ideas of what the future can be.</p>
        <p>Our guidance counselors are trained trauma-sensitivity with semiannual trainings on sexual assault and domestic violence. The majority of our counselors have previously been employed as social workers or therapists.</p>
    </div></body>
</html>
